a cat with a target in sight you know
the focus in the eye is just the look of
that cat she just raises her shoulders
up keeping her head in exactly the same
position but the rest of the body comes
up to join it and then she's ready to go
where is she here she comes here she
comes right out
straight towards me Oh God turning
turning flat-out look at this right past
the car there she goes there she goes
right behind right behind me she's
almost on it almost on it got it she's
got it okay she's got a meal fantastic
for the cups god that was unbelievable I
mean it was like straight down the
barrel ears back flat out honey you
really are a great hunter